Deprecate `PatternOptions` `storage` option (#98)
laminas/laminas-cache: docs/book/pattern/intro.md

## Quick Start

Pattern objects can be created
by instantiating one of the `Laminas\Cache\Pattern\*Cache` classes.

> > ### Standard Storage Adapter
> >
> > A standard storage adapter which can be used with the pattern caches might be the APCu adapter.
> >
> > ```php
> > use Laminas\Cache\Storage\Adapter\Apcu;
> > $storage = new Apcu();
> > ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> ### Standard Storage Adapter for Documentation
>
> A cache adapter needs a storage adapter. To be able to follow the examples in the documentation, the [adapter for the filesystem](https://docs.laminas.dev/laminas-cache/storage/adapter/#filesystem-adapter) or the [BlackHole adapter](https://docs.laminas.dev/laminas-cache/storage/adapter/#blackhole-adapter) can be used, for example.
>
> ```php
> $storage = new Laminas\Cache\Storage\Adapter\Filesystem();
> // or
> $storage = new Laminas\Cache\Storage\Adapter\BlackHole();
> ```
```
